Proj0036: Remove None when redundant (#99)
dotnet-project-file-analyzers/dotnet-project-file-analyzers.github.io: rules/Proj0036.md

---
parent: General
ancestor: MSBuild
---

# Proj0036: ?
A `<None>` project item can be used to represent a file that should have no

> role in the build process. Hence removing it after it has been added, for

Author: ```suggestion
role in the build process. Hence, removing it after it has been added, for
```

instance because its type has been changed to `<Content>` or `<EmbeddedResource>`

> will have zero output on either the build proccess, nor how the file is

Author: ```suggestion
will have zero output on either the build process, nor how the file is
```

> will have zero output on either the build process, nor how the file is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will have zero influence on either the build process, nor how the file is
```

> will have zero influence on either the build process, nor how the file is

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
will have no influence on either the build process, or how the file is
```

either/or or neither/nor
